The best and worst bugs were just fixed
and barely anyone's talking about it.
Let me explain. Two snapshots ago,
Mojang added a ton of cool stuff like
the Camelusk and the parched, but they
also fixed some important bugs. First,
there's been a bug on Java Edition for
almost 15 years that made items have
tiny gaps between their pixels. So,
players used a mod to fix the gaps, but
Mojang just fixed this bug, so now we
don't have to. But Mojang also fixed a
bug that allowed for a feature that
everyone loved. On Bedrock Edition, if
you throw a trident into a pit and move
it with pistons, the trident will
continuously hit mobs. But on Java, the
trident can only hit one mob before it
stops hitting, which makes no sense.
Like, why does this trident not hit the
villager? But a month ago, when the
first mounts of Mayhem snapshot dropped,
it added a bug that made it so trident,
arrows, and other projectiles will get
caught on entities and deal damage
insanely fast, continuously. But this
bug also let Trident hit more than one
mob, making Trident killers work on
Java. But Mojang just fixed this bug,
meaning Trident killers will remain a
Bedrock exclusive.